Tak it easy now
Original
Music is the light
Music is my sword and shield
Music is the power and the source
Humbleness
Living U.N.I.T.Y.
Ya man
Everything nice
Dont worry yourself
Just cool...

Dont worry yourself dont you stress keep it coool!
Everything's all right now and everything is nice man
If you get to hot and start to melt you need fe cool
Keep bouncing in your nike and wave your left and right hand

Music is my life, my occupation and my tool
Not concerned with finance, platinum and diamonds
Dis ya one a request unto all man and woman round the earth
All the universe here comes the chorus sing the words

Love the life that you livin', aha!
Don't you worry bout the ice and the blingin', Im not
Interested in the style that you bringin', Deejay
Can I get another slice of the riddim
well alright, okaaay!

Music is supposed to be about dancing and having fun
It's not about how many man you've shot and how much cash you got
Braggadocious and malicious people I'm not feeling you
They know who I'm talking bout, you know who I'm speaking to

Keep away from greediness and spread some humbleness
And spare a thought for those who
penniless with Lives full of emptiness,
Elders and, youngster and Everyone amongst us can
You treat each other good my friends and let me sing that hook again

Love the life that you livin', aha!
Don't you worry bout the ice and the blingin', Im not
Interested in the style that you bringin', Deejay
Can I get another slice of the riddim
well alright, okaaay!

Love the life that you livin', dubwise!
Don't you worry bout the ice and the blingin', Im not
Interested in the style that you bringin', concious!
Can I get another slice of the riddim, positive! Once more!

Love the life that you livin', raggaz!
Don't you worry bout the ice and the blingin', Im not
Interested in the style that you bringin', come give me some fire now!
Can I get another slice of the riddim, hot a... hot, hot, beat!

I feel good man! Yes man! I'm not ready to give up yet man,
Cos life is priceless theres nuttin in the world quite like this
Pure niceness I love it when everyone's excited and delighted
It's splendid! Music's highly reccomended and defended

So don't stop man, jump up and down on the spot and make it hot man
Like a furnace I love whenever the DJ works us
We cant't stop until the whole world's heard us
Entertaining the worlds our purpose, musics spereading like a virus
DJ cut it up with the stylus, gimme the chorus!

Love the life that you livin', aha!
Don't you worry bout the ice and the blingin', Im not
Interested in the style that you bringin', Deejay
Can I get another slice of the riddim
well alright, okaaay!